gh-100809: Fix handling of drive-relative paths in pathlib.Path.absolute() (#100812)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2023-01-06-21-14-41.gh-issue-100809.I697UT.rst

Fix handling of drive-relative paths (like 'C:' and 'C:foo') in

> :meth:`pathlib.Path.absolute`. This method now calls
> ``nt._getfullpathname()`` on Windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:meth:`pathlib.Path.absolute`. This method now uses the OS API
to retrieve the correct current working directory for the drive.
```

No need to refer to the internal API. We _could_ refer to the OS API (`GetFullPathNameW`), but I don't think that adds any real value.
